updating docs (#7)
benjaoming/kolibri: docs/manual_testing.rst

`Sentry <https://docs.sentry.io/>`__ clients are available for both backend and frontend error reporting. This can be particularly useful to have running on beta and demo servers in order to catch errors "in the wild".

The Sentry SDK Python package is not distributed with Kolibri. In order to use Sentry, you must install it to your system Python packages and make the SDK available to Kolibri. To install, run

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install sentry-sdk  # might need to run with sudo

> If you're running Kolibri using a pex file, you'll need to make sure that the pex inherits the Python path. To do this, ensure that an environment variable ``PEX_INHERIT_PATH`` is set to ``1``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're running Kolibri using a pex file, you'll need to make sure that the pex inherits a Python path with `sentry_sdk` available. To do this without inheriting the full system path, run the pex from an active virtual environment with `PEX_INHERIT_PATH=1 python kolibri.pex`.
```
